README.md, before:

# Data Publication <img src="https://www.ala.org.au/app/uploads/2020/06/ALA_Logo_Stacked_RGB.png" alt="ALA Logo" align="right" width="150px"/>

To publish a dataset with the ALA, please follow the following steps:

1.  Format your data as a Darwin Core Archive, which is a zipped folder containing both data and metadata. For information on how to build data in this format, see [the galaxias R package](https://galaxias.ala.org.au) or [our help file on how to share a dataset with the ALA](https://support.ala.org.au/support/solutions/articles/6000261427-sharing-a-dataset-with-the-ala).

2.  Upload your zipped dataset to a stable repository as a [GitHub release](https://github.com), or as a file on [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org) or [OSF](https://osf.io).

3.  [File an issue](https://github.com/AtlasOfLivingAustralia/data-publication/issues) within this repository to share the link to your dataset with us. If you'd rather not use GitHub, you can [email us](mailto:support@ala.org.au) instead.

Once we receive your publication request, we'll check out your dataset using the [GBIF data validation service](https://www.gbif.org/tool/81281/gbif-data-validator). If it passes automated and manual checks, we'll respond saying we'll put it on our system. If it doesn't, we'll give further information on the issues we've identified.

## Why publish data through the ALA?

There are several benefits to publishing data via ALA:

-   Contribute to national and international biodiversity research
-   Support knowledge and conservation of Australian species
-   Give greater visibility and longevity to your data
-   Gain a GBIF DOI that you can cite in your own papers

Commit message:

Attempt to set up GH Actions to respond to user uploads
workflow is now that users should attach files to their issue, which triggers an action to respond with a checklist

README.md, after:

# Data Publication <img src="https://www.ala.org.au/app/uploads/2020/06/ALA_Logo_Stacked_RGB.png" alt="ALA Logo" align="right" width="150px"/>

To publish a dataset with the ALA, please format your data as a Darwin Core Archive, which is a zipped folder containing both data and metadata. For information on how to build data in this format, see [the galaxias R package](https://galaxias.ala.org.au) or [our help file on how to share a dataset with the ALA](https://support.ala.org.au/support/solutions/articles/6000261427-sharing-a-dataset-with-the-ala).

You can upload your dataset to the ALA by [filing an issue](https://github.com/AtlasOfLivingAustralia/data-publication/issues/new?template=new-dataset.md) within this repository and attaching your zip file to that issue. If you'd rather not use GitHub, you can [email us](mailto:support@ala.org.au) instead. If your dataset is over 100MB, you should upload your zipped dataset to a stable repository - such as a [GitHub release](https://github.com), or as a file on [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org) or [OSF](https://osf.io) - and send us the link using either of the suggested methods.

Once we receive your publication request, we'll check out your dataset using the [GBIF data validation service](https://www.gbif.org/tool/81281/gbif-data-validator). If it passes automated and manual checks, we'll respond saying we'll put it on our system. If it doesn't, we'll give further information on the issues we've identified.

## Why publish data through the ALA?

There are several benefits to publishing data via ALA:

-   Contribute to national and international biodiversity research
-   Support knowledge and conservation of Australian species
-   Give greater visibility and longevity to your data
-   Gain a GBIF DOI that you can cite in your own papers
