.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new-dataset.md, before:

---
name: New dataset
about: Add a new dataset to the ALA
title: 'New Dataset: [Insert Short Dataset Title]'
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

To publish a dataset with the ALA, please follow the following steps:

1. Format your data as a Darwin Core Archive. For information on how to build data in this format, see [the galaxias R package](https://galaxias.ala.org.au) or [our help file on how to share a dataset with the ALA](https://support.ala.org.au/support/solutions/articles/6000261427-sharing-a-dataset-with-the-ala).
2. Upload your dataset to a stable repository such as GitHub or Zenodo
3. Share the Link to your dataset with us via this web form.

Copy the link to your dataset here:

Please ensure you have considered the following points during your data processing:

- [ ] You own this data and have all the necessary rights to publish it.
- [ ] All relevant ethics processes have been followed in the collection of this data and described in your metadata statement.
- [ ] Host institutions, funders, co-authors and other relevant parties are recognised in your metadata statement.
- [ ] You have chosen an appropriate licence for your dataset as a whole and/or for individual data points within it.
- [ ] You have considered issues of privacy and secrecy for landholders whose premises were accessed in collection of this data.
- [ ] You have considered whether this dataset might reveal the locations of threatened, vulnerable or valuable species and have taken steps to obfuscate that information.
- [ ] ALA is the Australian node of the Global Biodiversity Information Facility, and data published through the ALA will also be published to GBIF and assigned a DOI.
- [ ] ALA or it's users may contact you where errors or inconsistencies are found.

Commit message:

Update readme to contain useful content

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new-dataset.md, after:

---
name: New publication request
about: Add a dataset to the ALA
title: 'New Dataset: [Insert Short Dataset Title]'
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

Copy the url for your dataset here:

If this is an update to a dataset that has previously been published on ALA, please record your data resource ID here:

Please ensure you have considered the following points during your data processing:

- [ ] You own this data and have all the necessary rights to publish it.
- [ ] All relevant ethics processes have been followed in the collection of this data and described in your metadata statement.
- [ ] Host institutions, funders, co-authors and other relevant parties are recognised in your metadata statement.
- [ ] You have chosen an appropriate licence for your dataset as a whole and/or for individual data points within it.
- [ ] You have considered issues of privacy and secrecy for landholders whose premises were accessed in collection of this data.
- [ ] You have considered whether this dataset might reveal the locations of threatened, vulnerable or valuable species and have taken steps to obfuscate that information.
- [ ] ALA is the Australian node of the Global Biodiversity Information Facility, and data published through the ALA will also be published to GBIF and assigned a DOI.
- [ ] ALA or it's users may contact you where errors or inconsistencies are found.
